Drzyr
An interactive web UI framework for Ruby.

Drzyr allows you to build web applications with a reactive, component-based approach, similar to modern JavaScript frameworks, but with the power and simplicity of Ruby. It's designed to be easy to use and extend, making it a great choice for both new and experienced Ruby developers.

Features
Drzyr provides a wide range of components and features to help you build modern, interactive web applications:

Text & Display: Headings, paragraphs, alerts, LaTeX equations, images, and code blocks.

Input Widgets: Buttons, text inputs, sliders, checkboxes, radio groups, select boxes, and more.

Layout & Organization: Columns, expanders, and form groups to structure your application's UI.

Data Display: Interactive data tables and charts to visualize your data.

Getting Started
Installation
Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

Ruby

gem 'drzyr'
And then execute:

Bash

$ bundle install
Or install it yourself as:

Bash

$ gem install drzyr
Usage
Create a config.ru file in your project's root directory:

Ruby

require './app'

run Sinatra::Application
Then create an app.rb file with the following content:

Ruby

require 'drzyr'

react '/' do
  h1 'Hello, Drzyr!'
  p 'This is a simple Drzyr application.'

  if button(id: 'my_button', text: 'Click Me')
    p 'You clicked the button!'
  end
end
Then run your application with:

Bash

$ rackup
Development
After checking out the repo, run bundle install to install dependencies. Then, run rake to run the tests. You can also run bin/console for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run bundle exec rake install. To release a new version, update the version number in version.rb, and then run bundle exec rake release, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and the created tag, and push the .gem file to rubygems.org.

Contributing
Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/gregcherry96/drzyr.

License
The gem is available as open source under the terms of the MIT License.
